Wine of the Gods
It's the wine of the gods
Good stuff. Nice stuff.
I never imagined that in my life
There is really a little bit of wine of the gods
This is really good stuff.
Wait for everyone here
Has anyone seen the wine of the gods?
Since no one has ever seen wine of the gods
So how can you say that this thing is the wine of the gods?
In case this counterfeit
I don't know where I bought the fake thing.
So what should grandpa do if there is a problem with drinking?
That's the truth
Why do you say our wine of the gods is fake?
Just based on this kid's identity
I don't know why I can't say it
Then this bottle of wine is fake
Can't give grandpa a drink
What do you do?
Naturally, it is for the sake of grandpa's body
you
What a pity, what a pity
It's a pity that the miscellaneous wine you bought for more than ten yuan
Unfortunately, this may be the only thing in Mr. Bai's life
A chance to drink the wine of the gods
You ruined it.